The next section are all going to be building is going to be pricing section.
All right so we're going to have a back ground on this.
And over here we're going out you can see the middle one is going to have a white background.
And over here this is all of a pricing.
And you can see that we're going to have it irresponsive.
And so we're here now is going to make two of them.
And if we got on the smaller screen here now it's going to be single pricing.
So let's go back over here and let's actually go to next HD now and this.
And let's find out where is the end of our previous section which was the progress Marsh going on here
we already know the drill.
I'm going to say this is going to be a pricing section here.
We're going to collect a line here and this.
We're going to select on line and we're going to say control the line here.
Copy this don't really want to say.
And of pricing.
And then after that what we would want is actually a title.
So we go back over here where we have the title because we have to have the title somewhere right.
So the closest one is going to be here and we're going to have a copy and paste it here right.
So I'm going to select this.
This is going to be me our team.
So this is going to be different.
And here we're going to say first that it's going to be s. And out here I'm going to say the pricing
on this and then we'll have a title.
So copy and paste title here this is not going to be users.
We're going to save money here.
And then after that we're going to say our amazing prices so we're going to say we're here our amazing
prices are amazing.
Prices are here.
So once we have this let's actually go to a next section right now.
Next section actually next item that we're going to be building is actual content.
Right.
So we're really going to say this we're going to say that this is going to be Divx with a class of pricing
and center on this press tab.
And once we have this we're going right and this is going to be a pricing card pricing card here.
So the line again copy and paste are really going to say end of pricing card and all we're here with
we're going to write is that this is going to be hard to go.
And then this is going to be class of pricing and we're going to say card right just so there's some
kind of distinction.
So this is going to be a pricing card and we're going to start very simple we're going to say a heading
3 is going to be a startup.
So this is how we're named this one we're going to say this is going to be $0.
So I can copy and paste this.
This is going to be page 1 and we're going to say we're here this is going to be zero dollars.
So dollars is zero here then we're going to have a on our list here with a list items.
Right.
So we can press NABO here and the first list item actually is going to have a class of price list here
like this.
And then we're going to say that this is going to have a I high we're here a.
And they're failing.
So we're all going to say that this is going to be a unfinished right because we're going on our own.
And also what you want is a paragraph here paragraph is going to be saying sharing sharing or your tools
right.
And all this we can actually have it in parentheses like this multiplied by three or four like this.
And then once we have this press table or here.
Right.
So now we have five of them.
We're here now as they are here we're going to have to rewrite it a little bit.
And this is going to be a different fund to us.
So the first one is going to be check.
The second one is also going to be check.
Then this one is going to be times and this is also going to be times like this and for names we're
going to have a sharing tools then over here we're going to do this and we're going to say design tools.
And then over here we're going to say Private Messages like this are going to say private messages and
then we're going to have a personal brand so right here and this is going to be a personal brand over
here.
Then after that we would want actually a link.
All right.
So after this.
Well now we're list what actually want a link.
So we're here on the right.
And this is going to be link hashtag over here for a actual target.
Right.
And I'm going to say upgrade plan here.
So this is going to be our first.
Priceless right.
And obviously we would need three of them.
Right so here we can just grab this one over here.
It's going to be end of pricing in one to two.
These are going to be two copies.
Next one we're going to write and this is going to be a pro pro on let's say over here this is going
to be $15 we're like this.
And the last one is going to be commercials going to be hundred dollars.
So here all going right commercial commercial.
Hopefully I'm spelling it correctly.
If not then I do apologize.
And here this is going to be like this.
Right so now our age the amount is actually set up right now.
What we would want over here is actually saying this over here and we're going to go to a man who says
I like this one to scroll all the way in the bottom of progress bars we're going to start styling the
pricing section and so we'll do it all.
Here we have links here right.
And here I'm going to say pricing.
It's going to be the name of the section copy till the end.
Here we're going to started from scratch right now what I'm going to do over here is I'm just going
to make more room like this.
And then once we have the pricing then we're going to have a hash tag pricing or here or here we're
going to write a parting first for the whole section 40 pixels and zero.
It's only for the top and bottom left or right or is going to leave it like the way it is for here this
is going to be background stack one line here.
1 9 1 9 1 9.
So this is going to be completely black then or here we would want a pricing right.
And then we would want a target of title heading I remembered his generic title that we had right for
the title heading adding or here we're going to write like this right.
We're going to say that this is going to be a color and the color is going to be hashtag FFC 9 1 for
all of this.
Right.
So basically we're adding the yellow color over here.
The next thing we have is a div of pricing center.
So the divide that holds all these pricings right here we're going to say that this is going to be class
pricing and this is going to be center on here and we're going to say Macs with Macs with to 90 percent.
You're like this.
Going to say margin 0 0 0.
Right.
So basically you can see it and right now we're placing them exactly in the center.
Then after that we would want to work with actual pricing card.
So I'm going to say pricing here and I'm going to say cart this right so each and every class or here
we're going to say text on line center you know like this.
Then after that we would want a color and I'm going to have a color of hashtag 5 3 5 right here.
Then the padding is going to be 30 pixels like this and padding to the left and right is going to be
zero right to padding on the top bottom and margin also right so in between the actual cards 30 pixels
and zero again.
Right.
So this is going to be in between.
Then next we're going to dial this on our list.
So I'm going to say Preissing you know this and it's actually Preissing card here you know here we're
going to write that this is going to be a list style type.
I'm going to say none right.
So get rid of these annoying bullet points and then next one I would want to work with this you see
this awesome writing sharing tools.
And if you remember over here this was actually under this ally right that has a class of priceless.
Right.
So what I would want to do.
Well what I would want to do is or here I'm really just going to create First of all.
And then we're going to say here class and we're going to say class of Preissing cardigan and we're
going to have a hundred list and a list item on it like this.
And once we have them I'm going to say this play flex.
So first of all get them all on line like this.
And then we're going to have a justified content center.
So we're going to move them to center more June 20 pixels.
I don't know we're here to say we're going to say zero.
So margin is basically in between right and 0 is undersides.
Now we have this let's actually work with a heading three.
And then having one.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be a pricing card.
Adding three more here I'm going to say color and the color is going to be hashtags 0 0.
A We're going to have a seven easy one here.
So this is when we're going to have and then we're going to have a text transfer transform capitalize
on this font size 40 pixels on this.
So now we have a big pixels for having three.
And then our want for her heading one.
Right so I'm going to say pricing card having one on this same margin 40 pixels and 0.
So again only top and bottom and font size and say 60 pixels.
Right.
Then once we have this let's work over here with these little phantasms it's so good to see or hear
price and we're going to say list here because that's the name of the class price list and we're going
to say that font are some glass.
Right.
So here we're going to say font size and this is going to be 25 pixels on this margin right.
We're going to say it's a 10 or 10 pixels or so just push a little bit away and then next would we would
want to do is actually work with a lynx.
All right so with this link or here.
So this is going to have a quite a bit of properties and values right.
So I'm going to say pricing hard going to say first of all going to say this should be display.
We're going to say inline block right.
So it has the actual margins and padding right.
They're all going to say a text decoration.
I'm going to say none.
We're going to get rid of this annoying on the line font size 25 pixels ruling this text here transform
we're going to say a case like this padding we're going to say 10 pixels and 30 pixels so 10 pixels
time bottom and 30 pixels side and that all we're going to say more and more is going to be a two pixel
solid solid and we're going to say hashtag five three or five here and then we'll have also the color.
And so the text color also is going to be the same so we're going to say five of three five doing this
and then we'll have a border radius and it's going to be 20 pixels like this so then we're going to
have a nice round the edges and then we would want a transition right so as we're transition I'm going
to say transition and what we want the transition background.
So as we're having two seconds ease again ease then we're going to have a color.
Also two seconds each.
So these are shouldn't be two things that were actually hovering right.
They should change.
Here now would want a pricing card.
However some would say pricing card a and or hover it once we have this we're going to say collor hashtag
here 1 9 1 9 1 9 like this.
And then we have a background and the background is going to be hashtag 00.
And this is going to be a seven easy one.
We're having this right.
And then I will have also the border color and border color is going to be exactly the same because
if we go back over here right you can see that for now the border color is actually staying white and
we don't want that.
And so as we were having the border colors should be exactly the same.
So border color in this.
And then we just need to grab this guy.
All right.
So the blue color.
So I'm going to copy this and copy and paste and now would we would want to do is actually add this
middle one right so you can see or hear it in our final one right.
We have this guy on here that looks different.
All right you can see that first on the link is different and everything else.
So how we would want to do that.
So the way we're going to do this more here.
Well we're going to go back to the exchange to him now and we're going out actually a custom or to the
middle one.
Right.
So if we have a pricing card basically to the middle one what are we going to do is to say that the
middle one actually has a class of custom.
So let's find where is the middle one.
Of all right so this was start up.
This was Preux was the class was going to write custom you know this and then we're going to go back
to making sense and actually style this custom.
So again all the way in the.
All right we're going to make more room or he'll going to say custom custom over we're here for the
customer we're going to have a background.
I wish I 5:53 five right.
That's first then we'll have a caller just type 1 9 1 9 1 9 hash tag 1 9 1 9 1 9 1 9 9 so this is going
to be the black one border radius 30 pixels border radius and we're going to save 30 pixels something
like this.
And then after that we would want a transition.
So has we're hovering.
Things should change right here.
I'm going to say transform form I'm going to take two seconds each.
And over here we're going to do is as we're hovering actually it's going to lift up our mind so I'm
going to say Kustom and we're going to say however we're here we're going to write a transform and here
we're going to say translate and why translate.
And we're going to say one and we're going to set it to negative 20 pixels more like this.
Right.
So what's happening is as I'm hammering you can see that the actual middle section it's actually lifting
up right.
And then no one actually style this link so I'm going to go back already and see that I would want Actually
this link to be different.
And because right now it doesn't work the way I want.
So here where I'm going to say this is going to be custom and easy here and I'm going to say color is
going to be hash tag FFC 9:1 for this and border color is also going to be the same rights.
I'm going to say more color not collapse.
This is going to be color or hill going right.
And hash tag FFC 9:24.
So the border color is going to be the same as we're actually hovering background and border colors
should change right.
So here what I'm going to say this is going to be a custom custom A were right and are really going
to write a background which I can see 9 1 for.
And we're going to have a border color and this is going to be hash tag.
See and one for right.
And we just save this we can say the next page.
And now we're here and I can just check it out.
What do we have.
Right.
So as we scroll down.
Right so this is going to be our button right now and we would want is obviously had a responsiveness.
So it looks something similar to this as we're actually changing the screen.
Right.
You can see that now there's three of them in one right.
So we're going to we're going to do a screen right.
We're going to go back over here and we're going to find out where it is where it was on Main.
Yes.
Here we're going to say Mijnheer I want you to say screen so here on your screen and we remain with
you on this and then we're going to say a pricing center here or here we're going to say with them we're
going to say the West is actually going to be hundred percent.
So as the screen gets bigger we don't need this anymore.
We're going to say this play flux.
So this play as a fox marks justify content space between right so we always fill up all the space that
there is flex.
Rap is once we get to the smaller screen so it actually is rapping.
Right.
And then what we would want is a pricing car.
And here we're going to say is for the class of pricing card what we would want and we would want flex
0 0 calc for calculation 50 percent minus say 10 pixels or minus once we have this.
This is for the smaller screen.
So I would say this again for our recording let's refresh and let's check it out when we have it on
here.
Now you can see that something didn't happen quite right because this is actually not 50 percent right.
So there's some kind of mistake.
Let me see where maybe I made a mistake.
And this actually should looks correct.
Right.
So you have a 50 percent and minus pixels.
So this is pricing car is fine.
Then for the pricing center you can see that what I messed up is minimum with what I would want is so
and so on six pixels here.
So this all going to refresh.
And I can see that now I have 50 50.
Side by side right.
Here once we have a 50 50 by side by side knowledge's do a media screen here.
Copy and paste this.
And let's do nine and two.
Right.
So we do nine and two we can get rid of all this because this is exactly the same like we had before
and here we're going to say that this is going to be thirty three point three here minus three.
So we're going to say this rush here now is going to be three of them and this is how easy it is to
make a pricing section using a SS flex box.